Circuit #1:
This circuit puts two sets of two hexadecimal values through an AND gate and puts the result of that on a hex digit display. It works by having the two constants enter the AND gate where they are compared. They are compared by seperating their first and second values and seeing which has the lower value of each place. It then takes the lowest first and second values and sends them to the splitter. The splitter converts them from hexadecimal to binary and sends digits 0 - 3, which make up the first value, and sends it to the left display and sends digits 4 - 7, which make up the second value, to the right display. The displays then convert the values back to hexadecimal and puts them on the hex digit displays.

Circuit #2:
This circuit turns an LED from off to on or on to off automatically every two seconds. There is also a button that will turn the LED off immediately when pushed if the LED is on or do nothing if the LED is already off. It works by having a clock that turns a signal on or off every second and sending that signal to a d flip-flop where it causes a value within the d flip flop to alternate between 0 and 1. The d flip flop works b having an input that is feeding a signal to it and it alternates where this signal is sent to. When the value inside the d flip flop is at 1 it sends the signal to the LED and when it's at zero it sends the signal to a wire that loops back into the d flip flop. The LED is only on when the it receiving a signal from the d flip flop, in other words when the d flip flop's value is 1. The button that connects to the d flip flop is only activated when pushed and when it is pushed it changes to the value to 0 instantly and has no effect when the value was already 0.

Circuit #3:
This circuit counts up to 15 which is f in hexadecimal, by automatically adding one every two seconds, and resets back to 0 after it hits f. There is also a button that when pushed, resets the circuit to zero immediatley. It works by having a clock that turns a signal on or off every second, when the signal gets turned on a counter recieves it and adds one to the value it holds. This specific counter is set to only count up to f and then go to zero whenever it tries to add again. The counter is connected to a hex digit display which displays the number on a display from the counter. The button works in a similar fasion to the clock as it also sends a signal to the counter the difference is the button requires someone to push it before it will send a signal and when it does send a signal it sets the counter to zero instead of adding to it.

Circuit #4:
This circuit puts two sets of two hexadecimal values through a mystery subcircuit that adds the values of the two constants together and displays them on two hex digit displays. It works by the mystery taking in the constants and converting their values to binary. It then takes those values and puts them through an adder which adds them together through binary addition. It then sends that value out of the mystery subcircuit and into the splitter which then sends digits 0-3 to the left display and digits 4-7 to the right display. These values are then converted from binary back to hexadecimal and put up on the hex digit displays.